---
title: "TRIAD Working Issues"
author: "Bijan Seyednasrollah"
date: '2019-05-01'
output: word_document
---

This is a place to document known issues, reproducible bugs and new ideas. This document lists the know issues identfied during the devlopement process.


## Known Issues

## Addressed Issues
- Once downloaded the download dialogue window stays open: **that may happen only when using R browser, should not happen by external window**
- Change the file name to make use of the metadata, this makes it easier for the user to process the data afterwards (i.e. automating the reading of several files generated by TRIAD). **this is addressed now**
- change to button saying 'Not confimred' until to click on it and it says 'confirmed'. Maybe with a disk icon? **this should've been already addressed **
- Shows pixels even when DPI is entered. **this is fixed now, should show pixels if DPI is not entered and mm otherwise**
- Linker should get NA **this is fixed now**
- There is a bug that when you increase the zoom the table extends all the way across, but it does not contract when the user zooms out again.  **currenlty limited by Shiny functionalities, but it should be fixed, when we put this in a frame**
- Something is wrong witht the calculation. The numbers currently do not add up, although the formula seems to make sense. Mabye the x and y coordinates are not registered correctly. **this is fixed now, the issue was due to the opposite order of image dimension and XY axis**
- Change to be perpendicular if the last marker was a linker. **this is implemented now**




## Suggested New Features
- Maybe we also want to add a false ring marker.
- Message and contact us Tab
- Sliding for the image
- Scalebar
- We could also fit a spline through the graph and make a second plot with detrended ring width index.


